hello good night see if you no longer know
how you play a song that is not
which I usually hang from orbits
John Lennon for the meat or any of
these singers but that is the song
of a movie the death had a
price in the movie of the year 1965 that
yes that allows you to work a little bit
ligatures and touches under and already
you will see how an interesting song is
to practice it is also pretty
the lid of labor explained
t
do not
no no
t
no no no
do not
d
well you have seen that this song
has very few minor re chords'
Sun
yes flat that can be put here but
well I then put it here
this position is equivalent to this this
and this this you know you can not
put like that you can put it like that and you can
put so I prefer this time in
concrete go using this same
position and sliding it down the stick more
down below
it is really above everything else
down on the neck is higher than pitch
alright then those are the chords and the
rhythm
that is the basic risk
you see and when I play re minor expired in
the fourth string the fourth largest is the
note therefore the fundamental note of
the cor de re minor de re major de
respective of all the rays all the
that they ask for straight and then I make a
ligature with the third rope
raising your finger and stepping
fifth quarter
that was very similar to what it sounds like in
the soundtrack of this movie
ligature
I love
when we passed and prison fav I
what I do to give them a little
flavor more of the west is simply
all the bordones
when
you do not know what
do not
with this sound of gordon is only
is watching one more is imagining is
one more riding the horses there by
West
those are the two basic touches that there are
to use in this song with a
a little bit of practice because it sounds good
especially one that has the ability to
that the whistle does not like me the whistle
it works well
if the ball had not been consumed it
You can cut and as I do I
got it certainly goes better until
the next